= discovr

This is some experimental code to discover interesting flickr photos based on your favorites.
The concept works but it takes way too much time and API requests to fetch and process data.

I'm releasing it to see if someone comes with a better idea, so sorry about dirty code. This is just the result of a weekend playing with flickr API.

Any improvement suggestions will be welcome

== Where to look at

Juicy code

* lib/flickr.rb[http://github.com/koke/discovr/blob/master/lib/flickr.rb]

== Try it

1. Download it: <tt>git clone git://github.com/koke/discovr.git</tt>
1. Edit <tt>config/initializers/flickr_api.rb</tt> and add your flickr API key and secret. You can get them at http://www.flickr.com/services/api/keys
1. Create your database and edit <tt>config/database.yml</tt> accordingly.
1. Launch the console and fetch data. This can take a while (~25 minutes for me) 
   
   <tt>similar = User.lookup("koke").similar_pictures</tt>

1. Launch your server (<tt>script/server</tt>) and visit http://localhost:3000/discovr. This can also take a while (~4 minutes first time, ~10s otherwise) and enjoy

== License

Copyright (c) 2009 Jorge Bernal <koke@amedias.org>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.